### DeepGuide-Ai / dg
https://github.com/DeepGuide-Ai/dg

#### Description
Self-testing CLI documentation tool that generates interactive demos

### marckrenn / rtfmbro-mcp
https://github.com/marckrenn/rtfmbro-mcp

#### Description
rtfmbro provides always-up-to-date, version-specific package documentation as context for coding agents. An alternative to context7

### alefore / duende
https://github.com/alefore/duende

#### Description
Agent implementation for Conversational AI

### IHATEGIVINGAUSERNAME / theProtector
https://github.com/IHATEGIVINGAUSERNAME/theProtector

#### Description
Linux Bash Script for the Paranoid Admin on a Budget - real-time monitoring and active threat response

### AsyncFuncAI / deepwiki-open
https://github.com/AsyncFuncAI/deepwiki-open

#### Description
Open Source DeepWiki: AI-Powered Wiki Generator for GitHub/Gitlab/Bitbucket Repositories. Join the discord: https://discord.gg/gMwThUMeme

### BeehiveInnovations / zen-mcp-server
https://github.com/BeehiveInnovations/zen-mcp-server

#### Description
The power of Claude Code + [Gemini / OpenAI / Grok / OpenRouter / Ollama / Custom Model / All Of The Above] working as one.

### mozilla-ai / any-llm
https://github.com/mozilla-ai/any-llm

#### Description
Communicate with an LLM provider using a single interface

### Airbolt-AI / airbolt
https://github.com/Airbolt-AI/airbolt

### katanemo / archgw
https://github.com/katanemo/archgw

#### Description
The smart edge and AI gateway for agents. Arch is a proxy server that handles the low-level work in building agents like applying guardrails, routing prompts to the right agent, and unifying access to LLMs. It is framework-agnostic, natively understands prompts, and helps you build agents faster.

### pmarreck / yt-transcriber
https://github.com/pmarreck/yt-transcriber

#### Description
TUI app- Give it a YouTube URL and you get a transcription with possible speaker identification and optional summary or translation, all thanks to open-source AI tooling and my lack of enough free time to watch content-sparse YouTube videos

### jolibrain / colette
https://github.com/jolibrain/colette

#### Description
Multimodal RAG to search and interact locally with technical documents of any kind

### terhechte / CCORP
https://github.com/terhechte/CCORP

#### Description
Claude Code OpenRouter Proxy

### jerpint / context-llemur
https://github.com/jerpint/context-llemur

#### Description
Context management tool for LLM collaboration

### Azure-Samples / ai-rag-chat-evaluator
https://github.com/Azure-Samples/ai-rag-chat-evaluator

#### Description
Tools for evaluation of RAG Chat Apps using Azure AI Evaluate SDK and OpenAI

### HumanSignal / label-studio
https://github.com/HumanSignal/label-studio

#### Description
Label Studio is a multi-type data labeling and annotation tool with standardized output format

### getAsterisk / claudia
https://github.com/getAsterisk/claudia

#### Description
A powerful GUI app and Toolkit for Claude Code - Create custom agents, manage interactive Claude Code sessions, run secure background agents, and more.

### lmnr-ai / lmnr
https://github.com/lmnr-ai/lmnr

#### Description
Laminar - open-source all-in-one platform for engineering AI products. Create data flywheel for your AI app. Traces, Evals, Datasets, Labels. YC S24.

### promptfoo / promptfoo
https://github.com/promptfoo/promptfoo

#### Description
Test your prompts, agents, and RAGs. Red teaming, pentesting, and vulnerability scanning for LLMs. Compare performance of GPT, Claude, Gemini, Llama, and more. Simple declarative configs with command line and CI/CD integration.

### comet-ml / opik
https://github.com/comet-ml/opik

#### Description
Debug, evaluate, and monitor your LLM applications, RAG systems, and agentic workflows with comprehensive tracing, automated evaluations, and production-ready dashboards.

### dogsheep / github-to-sqlite
https://github.com/dogsheep/github-to-sqlite

#### Description
Save data from GitHub to a SQLite database

### anthropics / claude-code
https://github.com/anthropics/claude-code

#### Description
Claude Code is an agentic coding tool that lives in your terminal, understands your codebase, and helps you code faster by executing routine tasks, explaining complex code, and handling git workflows - all through natural language commands.

### BloopAI / vibe-kanban
https://github.com/BloopAI/vibe-kanban

#### Description
Kanban board to manage your AI coding agents

### bentoml / llm-inference-handbook
https://github.com/bentoml/llm-inference-handbook

#### Description
Everything you need to know about LLM inference

### iosifache / annas-mcp
https://github.com/iosifache/annas-mcp

#### Description
MCP server and CLI tool for searching and downloading documents from Anna's Archive

### s-macke / AdventureAI
https://github.com/s-macke/AdventureAI

#### Description
Interactive Fiction in the Age of AI

### heyitsguay / trader
https://github.com/heyitsguay/trader

#### Description
LLM-powered trading sim

### FoundationAgents / MetaGPT
https://github.com/FoundationAgents/MetaGPT

#### Description
üåü The Multi-Agent Framework: First AI Software Company, Towards Natural Language Programming

### MrLesk / Backlog.md
https://github.com/MrLesk/Backlog.md

#### Description
Backlog.md - A tool for managing project collaboration between humans and AI Agents in a git ecosystem

### sst / opencode
https://github.com/sst/opencode

#### Description
AI coding agent, built for the terminal.

### eyaltoledano / claude-task-master
https://github.com/eyaltoledano/claude-task-master

#### Description
An AI-powered task-management system you can drop into Cursor, Lovable, Windsurf, Roo, and others.

### claude-auto-resume
https://github.com/terryso/claude-auto-resume

#### Description
A shell script utility that automatically resumes Claude CLI tasks when usage limits are lifted.

### gremllm
https://github.com/awwaiid/gremllm

#### Description
A slight upgrade to the Gremlins in your code

### graphiti
https://github.com/getzep/graphiti

#### Description
Build Real-Time Knowledge Graphs for AI Agents

### Core
https://github.com/RedPlanetHQ/core

#### Description
Your personal plug and play memory layer for LLMs

### Context-Engineering
https://github.com/davidkimai/Context-Engineering

#### Description
"Context engineering is the delicate art and science of filling the context window with just the right information for the next step." ‚Äî Andrej Karpathy. A frontier, first-principles handbook inspired by Karpathy and 3Blue1Brown for moving beyond prompt engineering to the wider discipline of context design, orchestration, and optimization.

### RL
https://github.com/ivanbelenky/RL

#### Description
R.L. methods and techniques.

### IPWT
https://github.com/dmf-archive/IPWT

#### Description
IPWT: A unified, computationally feasible framework for consciousness, integrating predictive coding, workspace, and integrated information theories.

### vscode-copilot-chat
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-copilot-chat

#### Description
Copilot Chat extension for VS Code

### symbolicai
https://github.com/ExtensityAI/symbolicai

#### Description
Compositional Differentiable Programming Library

### LightRAG
https://github.com/HKUDS/LightRAG

#### Description
"LightRAG: Simple and Fast Retrieval-Augmented Generation"

### benchmark
https://github.com/ExtensityAI/benchmark

#### Description
Evaluation of neuro-symbolic engines

### OpenHands
https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands

#### Description
üôå OpenHands: Code Less, Make More

### doomberg-terminal
https://github.com/adam-s/doomberg-terminal

### workflow-use
https://github.com/browser-use/workflow-use

#### Description
‚öôÔ∏è Create and run workflows (RPA 2.0)

### dataset-generator
https://github.com/metabase/dataset-generator

#### Description
AI Dataset Generator ‚Äì Create realistic datasets for demos, learning, and dashboards

### dspy
https://github.com/stanfordnlp/dspy

#### Description
DSPy: The framework for programming‚Äînot prompting‚Äîlanguage models

### koboldcpp
https://github.com/LostRuins/koboldcpp

#### Description
Run GGUF models easily with a KoboldAI UI. One File. Zero Install.

### uv
https://github.com/astral-sh/uv

#### Description
An extremely fast Python package and project manager, written in Rust.

### NerdFonts
https://github.com/PSModule/NerdFonts

#### Description
A PowerShell module to download and install fonts from NerdFonts.

### haiku.rag
https://github.com/ggozad/haiku.rag

#### Description
Retrieval Augmented Generation based on SQLite

### deskflow
https://github.com/deskflow/deskflow

#### Description
Share a single keyboard and mouse between multiple computers.

### mcp-debug
https://github.com/giantswarm/mcp-debug

### CodeWebChat
https://github.com/robertpiosik/CodeWebChat

#### Description
Free AI coding for the rest of us

### agentic-misalignment
https://github.com/anthropic-experimental/agentic-misalignment

### NLSOM
https://github.com/metauto-ai/NLSOM

#### Description
üß† Societies of Mind & Economy of Minds

### courses
https://github.com/anthropics/courses

#### Description
Anthropic's educational courses

### prompt-eng-interactive-tutorial
https://github.com/anthropics/prompt-eng-interactive-tutorial

#### Description
Anthropic's Interactive Prompt Engineering Tutorial

### onlook
https://github.com/onlook-dev/onlook

#### Description
The Cursor for Designers ‚Ä¢ An Open-Source Visual Vibecoding Editor ‚Ä¢ Visually build, style, and edit your React App with AI

### agno
https://github.com/agno-agi/agno

#### Description
Full-stack framework for building Multi-Agent Systems with memory, knowledge and reasoning.

### llama
https://github.com/meta-llama/llama

#### Description
Inference code for Llama models